- Come Follow Me Lesson for this Month
    August 12–18-Alma 43–52 “Stand Fast in the Faith of Christ”
    August 19–25-Alma 53–63 “Preserved by His Marvelous Power”

-Aug Elders Quorum and Relief Society Lessons (From April 2024 General Conference)
  August 11th-Elder Neil L. Anderson "Temples, Houses of the Lord Dotting the Earth"
  August 25th-Elder Dieter F. Uchtdorf "A Higher Joy"

-“The Lord has declared, “It is my purpose to provide for my
saints” (D&C 104:15). This revelation is a promise from the Lord
that He will provide temporal blessings and open the door of
self-reliance, which is the ability for us to provide the necessities
of life for ourselves and our family members.”
FIRST PRESIDENCY MESSAGE- SELF RELIANCE MANUALS
President Muse has invited every member of the Ivins Stake to take the "Finding Strength in the Lord: Emotional Resilience" Group.
Ask your Ward Self Reliance Specialist or leadership for more information.]
Thank you!

-Every 2nd Tuesday of each month is designated as Ivins 4th Ward "Ward Temple Day", our next date is upon us, this Tuesday 8/13/24. The 6:00pm Endowment Session @ the St. George Temple is the preffered session, but many may choose to attend the temple at an earlier time that day. That being said, everyone is invited to gather for treats after the 6:00pm session (approx. 8:15pm) at Brother & Sister Callister's home. 287 E Elfin Cove Cir. Ice Cream Sunday Treat!

-Missionary Tip
Christ taught: Seek not to declare my word, but first seek to obtain my word, and then shall your tongue be loosed...(D&C 11:21). Before we can share our testimony with others, we need to strengthen our testimony. As a missionary tip, look for ways to build up your testimony. Maybe it's increasing your time in Come Follow Me. Maybe you could study and prepare a talk on the Savior or His atonement.
Maybe there is a subject that you want to know more about.
Whatever it is, study it, and when you are done, share your thoughts with a friend or on social media, or maybe the bishopric will ask you to speak.
Who knows. But first, obtain the word, then share it.  

- Self-Reliance Classes, Monthly - 
The Church offers all of the following classes for your benefit: Starting and Growing My Business, Personal Finance, Education for Better Work, Find A Better Job, and Finding Strength In The Lord. Interested? Contact Brother and Sister Mike and Linda Merrell to get registered for a class

- Healing through the Savior: The Addiction Recovery Program
Please email Sandra Roberts at sroberts1111@gmail.com.  

- Stake Pickle Ball 
First Monday of each month, 2:00-4:00 pm. To sign up email sroberts1111@gmail.com
